README: Switch from HackerOne to GitHub for vulnerability reporting (#14132)
Homebrew/brew: README.md

## Security

> Please report security issues by filling in [the vulnerability reporting form](https://github.com/homebrew/brew/security/advisories/new).

Author: I feel like putting "GitHub" here might make people think it's GitHub the website's problem?

> Please report security issues by filling in [the vulnerability reporting form](https://github.com/homebrew/brew/security/advisories/new).

Reviewer: 🤷🏻 not sure either way.

```suggestion
Please report security issues by filling in [the security advisory form](https://github.com/homebrew/brew/security/advisories/new).
```

if you'd rather!
